README.md, before:


The Github repo for issues involving the book "Evidence-based Software Engineering: based on the publicly available data" by Derek M. Jones.

[Book's discussion page](https://github.com/Derek-Jones/ESEUR-book/discussions).

If you know of any software engineering data that you think should be have been included, please let me know.

[Book's webpage](http://www.knosof.co.uk/ESEUR/index.html).

[2023 data discovered since book published](https://shape-of-code.com/2023/11/05/evidence-based-software-engineering-book-the-last-year/)

[2022 data discovered since book published](https://shape-of-code.com/2022/11/06/evidence-based-software-engineering-book-two-years-later/)

[Plots of the data](http://www.knosof.co.uk/ESEUR/figures/index.html).

[Blog post](http://shape-of-code.coding-guidelines.com/2012/06/22/background-to-my-book-project-empirical-software-engineering-with-r/) giving some, slightly out of date, background on the book.

1.0  1 Nov 20 Version 1.0 release

Beta 2 Oct 20 More polishing and correcting, plus more data

Beta 1 Jun 20 polished/corrected software engineering chapters, plus more data

0.16.3 May 20 Updated/polished/corrected software engineering chapters, plus more data

0.16.2 Apr 20 Beta release of second half, the "data analysis" chapters, plus more data

0.16.0 Feb 20 Reworked source code chapter, and updated some chapters, plus more data

0.15.0 Dec 19 Reworked reliability chapter, and updated earlier chapters

0.13.0 Aug 19 Reworked ecosystems chapter

0.12.0 May 19 Reworked human cognitive characteistics and cognitive capitalism chapters

0.11.0 Nov 18 Polished/corrected/fiddled with the eight statistical analysis related chapters

0.10.0 Jul 18 Source code chapter, plus various updates to earlier released material.

0.9.0  Apr 18 Reliability chapter, plus various updates to earlier released material.

0.8.1  Nov 17 Tweaks, plus updates using newly arrived data

0.8.0  Oct 17 Projects chapter, plus various updates to earlier released material.

0.7.0  Jul 17 Ecosystems chapter, plus various updates to earlier released material.

0.6.0  Mar 17 Cognitive capitalism chapter, plus various updates to earlier released material.

0.5.0b Feb 17 Fixed citation hyperlinks, added page number(s) to citations and improved figure layout

0.5.0  Jan 17 Human cognitive characteristics chapter, plus minor changes to earlier released material.

0.4.0  Oct 16 Statistical techniques for analysing software engineering data.

Commit message:

2024 data discovered + discrod channel invite

README.md, after:


The Github repo for issues involving the book "Evidence-based Software Engineering: based on the publicly available data" by Derek M. Jones.

[Book's discussion page](https://github.com/Derek-Jones/ESEUR-book/discussions).

[Book's webpage](http://www.knosof.co.uk/ESEUR/index.html).

[Discord channel](https://discord.gg/gsb9KgCBps).

If you know of any software engineering data that you think should be included, please let me know.

[2024 data discovered since book published](https://shape-of-code.com/2024/12/29/my-2024-in-software-engineering/)

[2023 data discovered since book published](https://shape-of-code.com/2023/11/05/evidence-based-software-engineering-book-the-last-year/)

[2022 data discovered since book published](https://shape-of-code.com/2022/11/06/evidence-based-software-engineering-book-two-years-later/)

[Plots of the data](http://www.knosof.co.uk/ESEUR/figures/index.html).

[Blog post](http://shape-of-code.coding-guidelines.com/2012/06/22/background-to-my-book-project-empirical-software-engineering-with-r/) giving some, slightly out of date, background on the book.

1.0  1 Nov 20 Version 1.0 release

Beta 2 Oct 20 More polishing and correcting, plus more data

Beta 1 Jun 20 polished/corrected software engineering chapters, plus more data

0.16.3 May 20 Updated/polished/corrected software engineering chapters, plus more data

0.16.2 Apr 20 Beta release of second half, the "data analysis" chapters, plus more data

0.16.0 Feb 20 Reworked source code chapter, and updated some chapters, plus more data

0.15.0 Dec 19 Reworked reliability chapter, and updated earlier chapters

0.13.0 Aug 19 Reworked ecosystems chapter

0.12.0 May 19 Reworked human cognitive characteistics and cognitive capitalism chapters

0.11.0 Nov 18 Polished/corrected/fiddled with the eight statistical analysis related chapters

0.10.0 Jul 18 Source code chapter, plus various updates to earlier released material.

0.9.0  Apr 18 Reliability chapter, plus various updates to earlier released material.

0.8.1  Nov 17 Tweaks, plus updates using newly arrived data

0.8.0  Oct 17 Projects chapter, plus various updates to earlier released material.

0.7.0  Jul 17 Ecosystems chapter, plus various updates to earlier released material.

0.6.0  Mar 17 Cognitive capitalism chapter, plus various updates to earlier released material.

0.5.0b Feb 17 Fixed citation hyperlinks, added page number(s) to citations and improved figure layout

0.5.0  Jan 17 Human cognitive characteristics chapter, plus minor changes to earlier released material.

0.4.0  Oct 16 Statistical techniques for analysing software engineering data.
